curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-introduction-to-javascript/672d49b2fb76df5f1d6117af.md, before:

---
id: 672d49b2fb76df5f1d6117af
title: What Is String Concatenation, and How Can You Concatenate Strings with Variables?
challengeType: 11
videoId: 4bCDHakINH8
dashedName: what-is-string-concatenation
---

# --description--

Watch the lecture video and answer the questions below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What is the primary use of the `+` operator in string concatenation?

## --answers--

To compare two strings.

### --feedback--

Think about how you combine text in JavaScript.

---

To join two or more strings together.

---

To check if two strings are equal.

### --feedback--

Think about how you combine text in JavaScript.

---

To remove characters from a string.

### --feedback--

Think about how you combine text in JavaScript.

## --video-solution--

2

## --text--

Which of the following code examples uses the `+=` operator correctly for string concatenation?

## --answers--

```js
let greeting = 'Hi';
greeting = greeting + ' there!';
```

### --feedback--

Look for the option that appends text to an existing string.

---

```js
let greeting = 'Hi';
greeting =+ ' there!';
```

### --feedback--

Look for the option that appends text to an existing string.

---

```js
let greeting = 'Hi';
greeting += ' there!';
```

---

```js
let greeting = 'Hi';
greeting == ' there!';
```

### --feedback--

Look for the option that appends text to an existing string.

## --video-solution--

3

## --text--

What will be the output of the following code?

```js
let str1 = "Hello";
let str2 = "World";
let result = str1.concat(", ", str2, "!");
```

## --answers--

`"HelloWorld!"`

### --feedback--

Consider how the concat() method works with strings and multiple arguments.

---

`"Hello, World!"`

---

`"Hello, World !"`

### --feedback--

Consider how the `concat()` method works with strings and multiple arguments.

---

`"Hello World!"`

### --feedback--

Consider how the `concat()` method works with strings and multiple arguments.

## --video-solution--

2

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): update comprehension check questions for string concatenation lecture

curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-introduction-to-javascript/672d49b2fb76df5f1d6117af.md, after:

---
id: 672d49b2fb76df5f1d6117af
title: What Is String Concatenation, and How Can You Concatenate Strings with Variables?
challengeType: 11
videoId: 4bCDHakINH8
dashedName: what-is-string-concatenation
---

# --description--

Watch the lecture video and answer the questions below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What is the primary use of the `+` operator in string concatenation?

## --answers--

To compare two strings.

### --feedback--

Think about how you combine text in JavaScript.

---

To join two or more strings together.

---

To check if two strings are equal.

### --feedback--

Think about how you combine text in JavaScript.

---

To remove characters from a string.

### --feedback--

Think about how you combine text in JavaScript.

## --video-solution--

2

## --text--

Which of the following is the correct way to concatenate strings?

## --answers--

```js
let greeting = "Hi";
greeting -= " there!";
```

### --feedback--

Refer to the middle of the video where this was discussed.

---

```js
let greeting = "Hi";
greeting =+ " there!";
```

### --feedback--

Refer to the middle of the video where this was discussed.

---

```js
let greeting = "Hi";
greeting += " there!";
```

---

```js
let greeting = "Hi";
greeting == " there!";
```

### --feedback--

Refer to the middle of the video where this was discussed.

## --video-solution--

3

## --text--

Which of the following is the correct method to concatenate multiple strings?

## --answers--

`concatenate()`

### --feedback--

Refer to the end of the video where this was discussed.

---

`concat()`

---

`concatenating()`

### --feedback--

Refer to the end of the video where this was discussed.

---

`concats()`

### --feedback--

Refer to the end of the video where this was discussed.

## --video-solution--

2
